PEP 701: Proofreading / copy editing (#2935)
python/peps: pep-0701.rst

implementation requires the lexer to keep track of the raw string contents of
the expression part of the f-string and make them available to the parser when
the parse tree is constructed for f-string nodes. A pure "untokenization" is not

> enough because as specified currently, f-string debugging preserves whitespace,

Reviewer: I think this would be a little clearer:
```suggestion
enough because as specified currently, f-string debug expressions preserve whitespace in the expression,
```

Reviewer: It could also be nice to explicitly mention whether comments are preserved. (I wasn't quite sure of whether they were or not; the reference implementation currently doesn't allow any comments)
